detective recapped here today i'm going
to explain a crime thriller film called
before the devil knows you're dead
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
finance executive andrew andy hansen
decides to escape to brazil with his
beautiful wife
gina there the two of them rekindle
their bodily passions
making sweet love once again for the
longest time in their marriage
andy asks gina what could have been the
reason for the sudden wave of passion
between them
and they conclude that it must be
because they were in rio brazil for
their vacation
gina then tells andy that if he had
enough money she's willing to stay there
in brazil with him for the rest of their
lives
and he promises he'll think about it and
gina is suddenly in tears after
realizing their state of bliss and
happiness may only be temporary
back home andy goes about his less than
exciting life at the company
during office hours andy would take an
occasional whiff of drugs to make the
experience more bearable
one day he almost gets caught by one of
his workmates who's looking for him for
their ongoing meeting
and he comes to the meeting only to be
shocked when he discovers that there
will be an irs audit in the next two
days
this deeply horrifies him as he's been
engaging in embezzlement to gain himself
more money illegally
the culmination of this new stressor in
his life coupled with his marital issues
with gina
leads andy back to his local drug
supplier and he visits the dealer in a
high-rise apartment
where he could get his much-needed fix
after doing some drugs
he sits down to rest then starts ranting
about his life
to him things aren't adding up the way
they should that evening
the couple tries to make love but they
fail once again
this is when andy tells gina that he
knows a way to get the two of them to
rio
brazil permanently of course gina is
excited by the very prospect
unbeknownst to her andy's plan involves
robbing his own parents jewelry store
a plan that's partially motivated by his
bitterness towards his family
henry hank hansen is a divorced father
who needs money to pay child support and
tuition for his daughter
danielle day by day
it becomes more and more difficult for
hank to provide money for his daughter
hank works in the same company that his
brother andy does but unlike his brother
hank is well-meaning and kind whereas
andy is bitter and ruthless
to raise the necessary funds for his
permanent move to brazil
andy enlists his brother's aid during
their first discussion
andy doesn't tell hank that he plans to
rob their parent store
claiming instead that it's an
unspecified jewelry shop
since hank is reluctant to go ahead with
the plan he leaves the office to think
about it first
hank then goes to his apartment where he
finds gina waiting for him at the door
for their so-called weekly appointment
it turns out that the two of them are
having an affair hank even professes his
love for gina and his desire to go away
with her
but unfortunately he's tied down with
several responsibilities
when their appointment's done hank
leaves and goes to his daughter's school
where she's performing in the school
play afterward his daughter approaches
him to ask for money for their coming
field trip
though it's costly hank still agrees to
provide the money
hank returns to work and goes to speak
with andy with danielle's needs and
wants in his mind
he finally agrees to his brother's plan
and only then does andy reveal that he
plans on robbing their parent store
this surprises hank but andy manages to
convince his more submissive brother
than hands him in advance of two
thousand dollars
he makes hank do the robbery himself
since andy has been seen in the
neighborhood recently
and he worries that someone might
recognize him additionally
and he mentions that doris their
mother's friend will be the one in the
store
since doris is an elderly woman with
poor eyesight hank will only need a toy
gun
making a crime victimless and easy and
he plans to fence the jewelry via a new
york city dealer his father knows from
his former police days
and he expects to net about 120 thousand
dollars from the robbery
without consulting andy hank hires bobby
lasorda
an acquaintance of his who works at a
restaurant but moonlights as an
experienced thief
bobby is hesitant at first but he
eventually agrees when hank promised him
they'll check out the place first and
he'll keep his money even if he decides
against proceeding with the robbery
the next morning hank rents a car for
the robbery so the crime won't be traced
back to him
he then goes to bobby's place to pick
him up there he briefly meets chris
bobby's wife on their way to the jewelry
store hank puts on a wig and a fake
mustache as a disguise
much to bobby's amusement bobby then
reveals a real gun
which completely freaks out hank to calm
him down
bobby promises that he won't shoot
anyone bobby instructs him to wait in
the car while he does the robbery on his
own
before leaving bobby inserts a heavy
metal cd into the car's player to hype
himself
up for the robbery unbeknownst to hank
it wasn't doris who's manning the store
that day
instead it's the brother's mother
nanette who's filling in for doris at
the last minute
from the outside of the store hank
couldn't see anything that's going on
bobby begins the robbery and he enters
the store while wearing a ski mask over
his face
he points his gun at nanette forcing her
to comply with all of his demands
at some point during the robbery bobby
ends up panicking and he proceeds to
smash the glass containing the jewelry
nanette sees this as an opportunity and
she goes for the hidden gun underneath
one of the drawers
the net shoots bobby causing him to fall
to the ground
unfortunately bobby retaliates severely
wounding nanette with his shots
lobby tries to walk away towards the
door but nanette recovers just enough to
shoot bobby one more time
finally killing him when hank sees
bobby's body flying through the store
door
he panics and drives away to escape hank
then hurriedly calls andy to let him
know that the robbery went wrong
afterward he frantically tries to wipe
away any potential fingerprints from the
car
then returns it to the car rental place
later on
the hanson family gathers when they find
out that nanette is in the hospital
both andy and hank are forced to face
the result of their actions
putting their own mother in critical
condition with very little hope for
recovery
with the increasing guilt that lay on
his shoulders hank stays at home
calling in sick for work and refusing to
make an appearance at the hospital
this prompts andy to call him and the
man is infuriated over him hiring bobby
andy demands to meet hank sometime later
andy finally confronts hank about the
botched robbery
then confirms with him if he covered his
tracks hank assures him that he did
that evening however as hank comes home
the car rental place calls him
saying that he left something inside the
car when he hears that
hank immediately realizes that bobby
left his cd in the player
that cd could be linked to bobby which
could in turn be linked back to hank
when he discovers that the office is
already closed that evening
hank is sent into a panic and he goes to
their office the next morning instead
after some difficulty with the office
staff hank manages to retrieve the cd
after two days
shortly after the ruined robbery bobby's
brother-in-law dex confronts hank and
demands financial compensation for
bobby's widow
chris she could serve as a witness since
she saw hank in their apartment that
morning to pick up bobby
dex threatens to either turn hank over
to the police or kill him if he does not
pay him the cash settlement
around the same time andy is being
contacted by several colleagues and
superiors because of the irregularities
revealed by the irs audit
andy ignores them all with the tragic
condition that befell his wife
retired policeman charles hansen
struggles between deciding if he should
keep trying to revive his comatose wife
or let her go instead
eventually charles decides that it would
be best to end the net suffering
during the nets wake charles admits to
his son andy that he feels sorry for not
being able to treat him the way he
wanted to
for not being the father and he wanted
him to be he apologizes to his son and
despite their differences charles tells
andy that he loves him
in turn andy apologizes to charles as
well for not being the son he wanted
admitting that he's always felt like an
outsider in their family
he even asks charles if he's sure he's
his son to this
charles responds by slapping him in the
face this exchange causes andy to leave
with gina immediately
on the car ride home and he breaks down
despairing over his strained
relationship with his father
the following day gina tells andy that
his boss has been trying to call him
at this point andy is completely burned
out by everything that's happening
so he responds coldly to his wife that
he doesn't care
he momentarily leaves the house and
tries to meet with hank at his apartment
only to find that his brother is away
this only angers and frustrates andy
further
when andy returns home he finds gina
with her bags packed and ready to leave
finally gina expresses her bottled up
frustration with her marriage and any
sudden coldness
like andy once said the things in his
life aren't adding the way they should
be
he's worn down by the weight of the
problems all around him along with a
suffocating guilt from his mother's
death
so when gina announces that she's
leaving him andy hardly reacts
before she goes out the door it's
apparent that she wants andy to stop her
finally gina reveals that she's been
having an affair with hank
who loves her and finds her beautiful
all the time not just when they're on
vacation
much to gina's disappointment even this
fails to face him
he only repeats his brother's name then
asks where she plans to stay
then he asks how she's going to get
there when gina tells him that she's
going to take a cab and that she could
really use some cash
andy evenly hands her the money in
search of more information about the
robbery charles visits the same new york
city dealer andy contacted
as it turns out the two of them share a
history from charles's police days
with their mutual dislike for each other
the jeweler reveals that andy recently
came by
looking to defend some jewels much to
the jeweler's amusement
shocked and furious by the news charles
immediately goes out to look for andy
while andy is having a nervous breakdown
in his now solitary apartment he
receives a call from hank
his brother is panicking over the deck
situation and andy decides to resolve
hank's problem for him
still hank doesn't understand where andy
plans to get the ten thousand dollars
that dex is demanding
andy and hank regroup and head toward
andy's drug dealer
there andy and hank overpower the dealer
then rob him of his money and his drugs
since they were just there for the money
hank is horrified when andy shoots the
dealer along with a client who just
happened to be there
afterward the brothers meet up with dex
to pay him but andy impulsively kills
him when he suspects that dex will
continually blackmail them
with the main threat dead andy points
the gun at chris ready to kill her
too until hank objects after realizing
that chris has a baby
and he then turns the gun toward hank
finally
he reveals that he knows that hank has
been having an affair with gina
hank is racked with guilt and he begs
his brother to just kill him
saying that it'll make things easier for
him before andy could pull the trigger
chris picks up dex's gun and shoots andy
giving hank time to run
still plagued with guilt hank leaves
some money for chris before running for
the door
unbeknownst to hank his father was
following them and is waiting outside
the building
he then calls for hank when he sees him
running down the street
before he could follow him by car the
police show up together with an
ambulance
there charles sees andy on a stretcher
as he's being taken inside the ambulance
charles follows his son to the hospital
then visits his room
and he breaks down and apologizes to his
father about what happened to nanette
swearing that he never intended to harm
her though charles appears to accept his
apology
he checks outside for any witnesses for
what he's about to do
suddenly he removes the nodes attached
to andy's chest and places them on his
own so the heart monitor
won't make too much noise charles then
takes a pillow and suffocates his own
son to death
charles then reattaches the nodes to
andy only to reveal that his heart is no
longer beating
devastated by what he had to do charles
could do nothing else but leave while
the medical staff rushes in to help andy
subscribe to watch more videos like this
turn on notifications
and leave a like it really helps the
channel out thank you for watching